(Yuma)
Last time
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal"...
I've never seen anything
like that before.
Quinton and I built it.
It's an interdimensional
teleporter.
We're going
to force open the portal
to another dimension
and send you to Astral World.
It could very well be
a one-way trip.
(gasps)
I don't care.
It's a risk
I'm totally willing to take!
Charge up the Astralite.
When it reaches
maximum strength,
we'll release all the stored
energy in a single burst
that'll create
a wormhole to Astral World!
The power's down!
So it can't charge!
We need to find more power now!
Orbital, jack this thing
into your power core.
(cackling)
(diabolical laughter)
I can't allow Yuma
to go to Astral World.
You Barians always show up
at the worst possible times.
(growling)
I'm going to love taking
the two of you down.
Let's duel!
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 2:
Ninja Shadow Mosquito!
I don't see it.
I can assure you,
my mighty and magnificent
monster is here.
And you'll soon
learn the hard way
what the buzz is all about!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together
regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever... ♪ ♪
This Barian says
he summoned his Number,
but I don't see anything!
Where's your monster Scritch?
(laughs)
My monster's... right here!
(laughs menacingly)
Maybe you boys can't see
my monster
because your eyes
have gone bad.
(groans) Something's wrong.
I feel dizzy.
Kite, what's the matter?
I'm totally fine.
Why?
That bite's kicking in.
Hey, needle nose!
Why are you foolin' around
playing hide and seek
with your Number?
Ahh!
I see it!
Huh?
I see it...
over there!
Huh?
Look.
Over his left shoulder!
Yes!
I see... something.
But it's so tiny!
Tiny and dangerous!
Don't let my Number's size
fool you.
Big things come
in small packages.
And once you witness my Number's
buzz-worthy abilities,
you'll wish you never met me!
I already wish I never met you.
Since his Number
has zero attack points,
it must have other surprises
in store for us.
Dyson Sphere, take out
Ninja Shadow Mosquito!
That'll show him!
Way to squash that skeeter!
(laughs menacingly) Nice try.
But I activated one of
the buzz-worthy abilities
of my Shadow Mosquito!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Shadow Mosquito lives
to fight another day
and my 8,000 life points
are safe and sound!
Enjoy them while you can,
because Kite's going
to take them down.
Tori, what's the charge
level on the teleporter?
Uh, it's at... 72%.
(laughs)
That leaves me plenty of time
to destroy the teleporter.
You'll never get
to Astral World!
Button it, bug brain!
Hee-ya!
Oh!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I keep telling you I'm fine.
It's working.
He's feeling my little sting.
This Shadow Mosquito's
Overlay Units protect it
from being destroyed.
Time for a workaround.
All right.
It's been a while,
but I'm going hunting!
Galaxy-Eyes, take out
that Shadow Mosquito!
I activate Galaxy-Eyes Photon
Dragon's special ability,
banishing both of our monsters!
Both monsters return to
the field later this turn.
But if your monster's
an Xyz Monster,
all its Overlay
Units go bye-bye!
(gasps)
Why isn't Galaxy-Eyes's
special ability activating?
You don't get it!
Galaxy-Eyes was poisoned
with a little something called
a Hallucination Counter.
What is it and what does it do?
(laughs menacingly)
When Ninja Shadow Mosquito
used an Overlay Unit
during Quinton's turn,
it didn't just keep
the two of us safe.
It also put
a Hallucination Counter
on Galaxy-Eyes's
Photon Dragon.
My sneaky Ninja Shadow Mosquito
can't be destroyed by a monster
that's been tagged with
a Hallucination Counter.
So its special ability not
only keeps it safe,
but the damage I would have
taken hits one of you instead.
Now, which one should I choose?
I think I'll target that
oversized orb, Dyson Sphere!
So say good-bye to your
life points, Quinton!
(roaring)
I don't think so.
I activate the trap
Micron Force!
I cut Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon's
attack points in half.
(roaring)
(screaming)
Quinton!
Quinton, are you okay?
(groaning)
Why can't I focus?
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
(laughs menacingly)
Yes, yes,
the poison is working.
This is going to be great.
You keep saying that
everything's okay, Kite.
But something's up.
For the last time,
Quinton, I'm fine.
That's enough already.
Well, then you know
what you have to try
and do, don't you?
Yeah, I know what.
I have to defeat you now!
What did you say?
Defeat me?
Kite, you're supposed to take
the enemy down, not me.
Now get your head in the game!
I'm going to squash you
like the annoying
little pest you are!
Kite!
Snap out of it!
You're all mixed up!
Why would Kite start treating
Quinton like his enemy?
(laughs menacingly)
My poison's making him
hallucinate.
He doesn't know
friend from foe!
This is like a dream come true!
I summon Mosquito Commando!
(growling)
When Shadow Mosquito
is on my field,
I can send Mosquito Commando
to the graveyard.
That allows me to place
a Hallucination Counter
on one of your monsters.
And I choose Dyson Sphere!
Next, I activate the spell
Ninjitsu Art Of Mosquito
Combustion!
If your monster has
a Hallucination Counter,
you take 600 points of damage!
I activate the trap
Elastic Space!
I'm not fond of getting hurt,
so this trap redirects all
that damage to you instead.
That means
1,200 points of damage!
(gasps)
Quinton!
I'll save you, by playing
the trap card, Power Exchange!
I won't let you hurt Quinton!
By lowering my Photon Dragon's
attack points by 1,200,
all that damage
is reduced to the same chance
you have of winning, zero.
Why Kite?
(laughs) That was close.
Thank you, Kite.
Kite lowered Galaxy-Eyes's
attack points
to save his enemy?
There's got to be
something wrong with him.
You're right.
Something very wrong.
Before the duel,
I injected your friend
with a potent poison.
You'll pay for that!
I was with Kite before
you even got here
and I never saw you
inject him with anything.
I never said it happened here.
I hitched a ride with Kite
on his fancy flyer
and while he was busy
blabbing about Astral,
I pricked him with my poison.
No way.
Sneaky skeet.
Oh, dear, why thank you
for the compliment.
We need Kite
and his Galaxy-Eyes
if we're going to take
that Barian down.
But if Kite's hallucinating,
there's no telling
what he's gonna do.
I have got to figure out a way
to help him fight the poison.
But how?
(panting)
Sir, you've got
to take a break.
You've been dueling nonstop
for a whole week.
Not yet.
I activate the trap
Blasting the Ruins!
Oh, no!
(screaming)
(groaning)
On your feet, Kite.
The duel isn't over yet.
You heard me!
I told you to stand up!
Sir, please!
I know we're testing the limits
of his dueling skills,
but you've pushed him too far!
No.
As long as he has
one life point left,
he needs to keep dueling
no matter what it costs!
He can't take much more, sir.
He won't last!
He must!
If he's going to fail,
it's better that he fail
right here and now.
But if he can will himself
to get through this test,
that power, that courage,
will be burned into every
fiber of his being,
and Kite will
become a true duelist.
Let's see if he can.
There's only one thing to do.
I have to push Kite
to the extreme!
Dyson Sphere, attack Kite's
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Why is Quinton attacking Kite?
You're not supposed
to go after him!
This is gonna wipe out the rest
of Kite's life points!
Well, Quinton, looks like
you're seeing things, too.
(laughs menacingly)
Kite, this is the end!
(gasps) (gasps)
I've got to get
through to him.
You don't have
what it takes to win!
(screaming)
That's more like it.
Now let's duel.
Kite, no!
No!
One down, one to go.
(laughs menacingly)
What?!
How can you have
l-life points left?
Because I activated
the trap card...
Prevent reborn!
When a monster is destroyed,
Prevent Reborn lowers
the damage I take
by 1,000 points.
So this battle is far
from finished, you fool.
Quinton, Kite's not
hallucinating anymore.
But-but-but the poison!
Why isn't it still working?
My inner duelist instincts
finally kicked into overdrive.
And that's much more powerful
than your poison could ever be.
It's not possible.
It can't be!
You thought
you could destroy my game
with your cheap, sneaky,
cowardly tricks.
So now I'm going to squash
you like the bug you are!
I activate Prevent Reborn's
other effect!
If you thought you saw
the last of my Dragon,
you thought wrong,
because Prevent Reborn
brings it back!
Good to see you,
Galaxy-Eyes!
(roaring)
Prevent Reborn's effect
only brings back
my monster to the field,
but not your
Hallucination Counter.
Now all the traps
you've laid are useless.
Yeah, Kite's brain
is back in the game!
(sighs)
I gotta admit you had me scared
there for a while, Kite.
I never had a doubt.
I was the one who trained
Kite how to be a duelist.
So I know what
kind of strength he has.
Quinton and Kite,
they're lucky.
Those guys have a special bond
between them.
A real strong one.
Just like I had with Astral.
Only mine was taken away
from me.
It.. just isn't fair.
Kite, why don't you
show our friend here
a thing or two about dueling.
It would be my pleasure!
Galaxy-Eyes, attack
Ninja Shadow Mosquito!
When Galaxy-Eyes battles,
it and the monster
it's attacking
are both banished.
That means your
Shadow Ninja Mosquito
loses all of its Overlay Units.
You will pay for that,
you little thief.
Actually, I'll be
the one cashing in,
you bug-eyed freak.
See, once our monsters
return to the field
after the battle,
for every Overlay Unit that
Ninja Shadow Mosquito shed,
Galaxy-Eyes gains
500 attack points.
A Shadow Mosquito that
doesn't have Overlay Units
is as helpless as a mosquito
that doesn't have its wings!
Not so fast.
I activate the trap Ninjitsu
Art of Mosquito Repellent!
By banishing all four
Mosquito monsters
in my graveyard,
Ninja Shadow Mosquito
gains 1,000 attack points
for every single one.
So now my Mosquito has
4,000 attack points!
(mosquitoes buzzing)
I knew he'd have a trick
like this up his sleeve.
I activate Mosquito Repellent's
additional effect!
I can banish
Ninja Shadow Mosquito
at the end of this turn
to deal you damage
equal to its attack points.
Can you count?
That's 4,000 points
skittering your way.
When this turn's over,
it's over for you, too!
Quinton!
Kite!
Yuma, stay where you are!
What do you think
you're doing, Yuma?
Helping you!
Don't forget why we're here.
We're battling to send
you to Astral World.
If we don't accomplish that,
winning this duel
doesn't mean anything.
There's no way
you can win this duel!
Thanks to my trap, when this
turn ends, it's all over.
If you think otherwise,
you must still
be hallucinating.
(laughs menacingly)
If anybody's hallucinating
here, it's you.
But believe me, I'll bring
you to your Barian senses...
right now!
I'm activating the spell card
Eternal Spell!
This card gains the same effect
as a spell in another
duelist's graveyard.
I select Hologram Projection
in Quinton's graveyard!
Now I get to create
an exact duplicate
of my Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon.
Now Kite's got
a double dose of Dragons!
Nice try, Kite,
but that hologram is nothing
but a shell
of its original self.
It can't attack.
It's easily destroyed and more
fragile than your ego.
You're wrong, bug face.
Luckily, I've got a little
surprise for you.
The trap card Power Analysis!
My Dyson Sphere's attack
points become the same
as a monster
on someone else's field.
So why not go big?
I make Dyson Sphere's
attack points
the same as Kite's
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon.
Next, I'll finish things off
with the trap
Paradox Synthesis.
By sending my Dyson Sphere
and Kite's Hologram Projection
to the graveyard,
I get to choose a monster to
get all their attack points.
And guess which monster
I'm going to choose?
No.
No!
I tribute Dyson Sphere
and Hologram Projection.
All 8,000 attack points
are added to the real
Galaxy-Eyes.
(rumbling)
(whimpering)
It's got 12,000 attack points,
but it's too little, too late.
Even if you raised it
to a bazillion attack points,
you're still not allowed to
attack anymore this turn.
So it's impossible
for you to win!
I wouldn't bet on that.
I activate the spell card
Miracle Galaxy!
This card lets
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon
attack again this turn.
(roaring)
Wait, please,
let's talk this over.
I'm not interested in
anything you have to say.
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon,
attack Ninja Shadow Mosquito
with Photon Stream
of Destruction!
I can't believe
I've been exterminated!
They did it!
You beat the bug, Kite!
Nice work.
Very nice work.
Lucky I had a good teacher.
(Tori)
Hey guys, look.
The teleporter's fully charged!
(gasps, then screams)
The portal should open
any second now.
Hey, don't mess this up!
Go find Astral
and bring him back, Yuma!
Will do.
Yuma!
(gasps)
You know I'll come back,
right, Tori?
Yes, if you promise
you will, Yuma.
Yeah, I promise, Tori.
I hope he can
keep that promise.
I'm on my way, Astral.
I'm gonna find you
and bring you back with me
no matter what it takes,
because I'm feelin'
the flow!
♪ ♪